recipes/models/lexicon_free/README.md, before:

# Who Needs Words? Lexicon-free Speech Recognition (Likhomanenko et al., 2019)

Below are pre-trained acoustic and language models from [Who Needs Words? Lexicon-free Speech Recognition (Likhomanenko et al., 2019)](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.04479).

## Acoustic Models
| File | Dataset | Dev Set | Architecture | Lexicon | Tokens |
| - | - | - | - | - | - |
| [baseline_dev-clean+other](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/librispeech/models/am/baseline_dev-clean%2Bother.bin) | LibriSpeech | dev-clean+dev-other | [Archfile](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/librispeech/am.arch) | [Lexicon](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/librispeech/lexicon.lst) | [Tokens](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/librispeech/tokens.lst) |
| [baseline_nov93dev](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/wsj/models/am/baseline_nov93dev.bin) | WSJ | nov93dev | [Archfile](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/wsj/am.arch) | [Lexicon](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/wsj/lexicon.lst) | [Tokens](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/wsj/tokens.lst) |


## Language Models

Convolutional language models (ConvLM) are trained with the [fairseq](https://github.com/pytorch/fairseq) toolkit. n-gram language models are trained with the [KenLM](https://github.com/kpu/kenlm) toolkit. The below language models are converted into a binary format compatible with the wav2letter++ decoder.

| Name |	Dataset | Type | Vocab |
| - | - | - | - |
[lm_librispeech_convlm_char_20B](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/librispeech/models/lm/lm_librispeech_convlm_char_20B.bin) | LibriSpeech | ConvLM 20B | [LM Vocab](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/librispeech/models/lm/lm_librispeech_convlm_char_20B.vocab)
[lm_librispeech_convlm_word_14B](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/librispeech/models/lm/lm_librispeech_convlm_word_14B.bin) | LibriSpeech | ConvLM 14B | [LM Vocab](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/librispeech/models/lm/lm_librispeech_convlm_word_14B.vocab)
[lm_librispeech_kenlm_char_15g_pruned](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/librispeech/models/lm/lm_librispeech_kenlm_char_15g_pruned.bin) | LibriSpeech | 15-gram | -
[lm_librispeech_kenlm_char_20g_pruned](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/librispeech/models/lm/lm_librispeech_kenlm_char_20g_pruned.bin) | LibriSpeech | 20-gram | -
[lm_librispeech_kenlm_word_4g_200kvocab](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/librispeech/models/lm/lm_librispeech_kenlm_word_4g_200kvocab.bin) | LibriSpeech | 4-gram | -
[lm_wsj_convlm_char_20B](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/wsj/models/lm/lm_wsj_convlm_char_20B.bin) | WSJ | ConvLM 20B | [LM Vocab](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/wsj/models/lm/lm_wsj_convlm_char_20B.vocab)
[lm_wsj_convlm_word_14B](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/wsj/models/lm/lm_wsj_convlm_word_14B.bin) | WSJ | ConvLM 14B | [LM Vocab](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/wsj/models/lm/lm_wsj_convlm_word_14B.vocab)
[lm_wsj_kenlm_char_15g_pruned](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/wsj/models/lm/lm_wsj_kenlm_char_15g_pruned.bin) | WSJ | 15-gram | -
[lm_wsj_kenlm_char_20g_pruned](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/wsj/models/lm/lm_wsj_kenlm_char_20g_pruned.bin) | WSJ | 20-gram | -
[lm_wsj_kenlm_word_4g](https://dl.fbaipublicfiles.com/wav2letter/lexicon_free/wsj/models/lm/lm_wsj_kenlm_word_4g.bin) | WSJ | 4-gram | -


## Citation
```
@article{likhomanenko2019needs,
  title={Who needs words? lexicon-free speech recognition},
  author={Likhomanenko, Tatiana and Synnaeve, Gabriel and Collobert, Ronan},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:1904.04479},
  year={2019}
}
```

Commit message:

releasing lexicon free models and steps
Summary:
All steps and pre-trained models to reproduce paper [Who Needs Words? Lexicon-Free Speech Recognition](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.04479)
- data preparation
- architectures for acoustic models and ConvLMs
- training parameters and learninig rate schedules
- decoding configs
- evaluation of upper and lower bounds on word perplexity for character-level language models.

Reviewed By: syhw

Differential Revision: D16807964

fbshipit-source-id: 1f3fbdc151ad25b2bbe123c98f431da7294dd3df

recipes/models/lexicon_free/README.md, after:

# [Who Needs Words? Lexicon-Free Speech Recognition](https://arxiv.org/abs/1904.04479)

## Abstract
Lexicon-free speech recognition naturally deals with the problem of out-of-vocabulary (OOV) words. In this paper, we show that character-based language models (LM) can perform as well as word-based LMs for speech recognition, in word error rates (WER), even without restricting the decoding to a lexicon. We study character-based LMs and show that convolutional LMs can effectively leverage large (character) contexts, which is key for good speech recognition performance downstream. We specifically show that the lexicon-free decoding performance (WER) on utterances with OOV words using character-based LMs is better than lexicon-based decoding, both with character or word-based LMs.

## Reproducing
Acoustic models architectures flags files are provided for each dataset to reproduce results from the paper (training and decoding steps).
Besides this language models training steps are listed to reproduce ngram and ConvLM language models.

Considered benchmarks (acoustic models are char-based):
- Librispeech
- WSJ

Acoustic models are char-based. Decoding step is considered for the following cases:
- word language model
- char language model
- char language model without lexicon


## Dependencies
All dependencies are listed in the `Dockerfile`. To use docker image run
```
sudo docker run --runtime=nvidia --rm -itd --ipc=host --name lexfree wav2letter/wav2letter:lexfree
sudo docker exec -it lexfree bash
```

## Citation
```
@article{likhomanenko2019needs,
  title={Who needs words? lexicon-free speech recognition},
  author={Likhomanenko, Tatiana and Synnaeve, Gabriel and Collobert, Ronan},
  journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:1904.04479},
  year={2019}
}
```
